[docs] update_by_query doesn't support refresh=wait_for (#64277)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/update-by-query.asciidoc

include::{es-repo-dir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=request_cache]

`refresh`::

> (Optional, boolean) If `true`, {es} refreshes the affected shards to make this
> operation visible to search, if `false` do nothing with refreshes.
> Valid values: `true`, `false`. Default: `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, Boolean)
If `true`, {es} refreshes affected shards to make the operation visible to
search. Defaults to `false`.
```
